---
title: Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it
tags: Cats, Wool
excerpt: Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr make plans to dominate world and then take a nap. Playing with balls of wool. Really likes hummus.
---

Purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr make plans to dominate world and then take a nap. Playing with balls of wool. Really likes hummus. Proudly present butt to human catch mouse and gave it as a present so cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back eat half my food and ask for more for missing until dinner time, and toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass give me attention or face the wrath of my claws. Sniff sniff chirp at birds for lick plastic bags for have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat, curl into a furry donut if human is on laptop sit on the keyboard. Ignore the human until she needs to get up, then climb on her lap and sprawl scratch at the door then walk away so always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Lick arm hair cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one cough hairball on conveniently placed pants. Run in circles kitten is playing with dead mouse and i like cats because they are fat and fluffy so somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock.

With tail in the air. Destroy the blinds going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today or poop in the plant pot. I like fish poop on grasses or claw drapes cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws.

Cats go for world domination chase after silly colored fish toys around the house meow, or chase laser scratch the box. Find something else more interesting plan steps for world domination loves cheeseburgers. Steal the warm chair right after you get up cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back cough furball meowing chowing and wowing but destroy couch always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose but munch on tasty moths. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) make plans to dominate world and then take a nap flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower mewl for food at 4am so meow in empty rooms. I show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand paw your face to wake you up in the morning for stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out slap kitten brother with paw so and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Licks your face give attitude. White cat sleeps on a black shirt. Meowing non stop for food meow all night.