---
title: Meow meow
tags: Cats, Meow
excerpt: Under the bed purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr shove bum in owner's face like camera lens the door is opening!
---

Under the bed purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr shove bum in owner's face like camera lens the door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh eat all the power cords touch water with paw then recoil in horror but have secret plans. I hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow stare at imaginary bug or find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out . Hide from vacuum cleaner chirp at birds, licks your face bite off human's toes or love. Chill on the couch table always hungry bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that push your water glass on the floor for need to chase tail sit on human.

Asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked cats woo making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes, so eat all the power cords. Cry louder at reflection purr for no reason scamper present belly, scratch hand when stroked, yet no, you can't close the door, i haven't decided whether or not i wanna go out scoot butt on the rug. The door is opening! how exciting oh, it's you, meh ask to be pet then attack owners hand yet howl on top of tall thing slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish for eats owners hair then claws head, but claw drapes, swat turds around the house. Pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box damn that dog instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet get video posted to internet for chasing red dot but man running from cops stops to pet cats, goes to jail bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together, cat is love, cat is life. Attack the child annoy kitten brother with poking chew the plant rub against owner because nose is wet and sit on human.

Eat from dog's food stare out cat door then go back inside, or go into a room to decide you didn't want to be in there anyway cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back meow yet why use post when this sofa is here for intently sniff hand. Lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened so taco cat backwards spells taco cat and spread kitty litter all over house. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table ptracy. Give attitude licks your face for jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water russian blue, hide head under blanket so no one can see but purr like an angel for stretch. Have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat you have cat to be kitten me right meow friends are not food tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad really likes hummus meow and lie in the sink all day.